the extra zone and two cds per coral
after his victory in chicago the
wines seek ways to continue in the
tip of the northern nfc division when
visit this Sunday November 17 to
the pittsburgh steelers in the heinz
field for week 11 of the nfl is the
first time in 14 years that the bahiense
appear as the number 1 of the division
alone and before the injuries of the
marshals of titular fields both of
green bay and chicago
the chances of finishing as champion
NFC North are vast the
problem for the lines is the story
they have nine consecutive defeats
when they travel to pittsburgh but despite
that detroit does not win in his trips to
pittsburgh the lines are good against
the sprite in the series by having a brand
of 5 and 1 when measured with the styles
in any field the lines maybe
want to try this Sunday more for
land that by air as the steelers
they are the twenty-ninth defense against
career allowing 127.2 yards per
meeting
the defensive unit of pittsburgh is the
fourth against the pass and be the complicated
move is the ball in that way with
consistency the lines are 5 and 4 in
against the sprint entering week 11
of the nfl while the styles do not
They have been so effective
by posting a mark of 3 and 6 the house of
active bets impose the lines as
favorites in the sprite for two and a half
points despite being of visitors
total points is at 47 the defense of
detroit is undervalued they can
attack the quarterback and defend
the race and this is especially
effective against such a predictable team
like the pittsburgh steelers in turn not
there is a cornerback who can against
megatron and once again for today will come
the victory of detroit that's why you can
leave at least two and a half of the
Thank you for joining me in this
small summary and I hope that they have
enjoyed soon will be bringing you
more information about your bets
favorite sports and the best picks
free of industry and after the
Luck, do not sin or give away, just pay you